Ever try making side-scroller tile sets,
and they almost work, but still look
kind of flat? With Pixel Lab, I started
in create tile set side scroller to
generate the base set fast. I typed in
grass for the top, and rocks for the
center of the tile set, and changed some
of the settings available, like outline,
detail, [music] and shading. That gave
me the core tiles I needed to actually
build the level. Then I took the result
into edit image pro to clean it up and
push the details [music] further. So,
instead of stopping at good enough, I
could make the shapes [music] cleaner,
improve the texture, and make the whole
set feel way more polished. This is the
part I like most. You can go from rough
generated tiles to something that
actually [music] feels game ready. So,
in this workflow, create tile set gives
[music] you the structure, and edit
image pro helps you make it prettier. If
you're making a platformer or any side
scroller, [music]
this makes building your art pipeline
way faster.